K8SPG-33 gke install (#68)
percona/percona-postgresql-operator: source/gke.rst

      $ kubectl apply -f deploy/cr.yaml

   Creation process will take some time. The process is over when the Operator
   and PostgreSQL Pods have reached their Running status:

   .. code:: bash

      $ kubectl get pods
      NAME                                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
      backrest-backup-cluster1-4nq2x                    0/1     Completed 0          10m
      cluster1-6c9d4f9678-qdfx2                         1/1     Running   0          10m
      cluster1-backrest-shared-repo-7cb4dd8f8f-sh5gg    1/1     Running   0          10m
      cluster1-pgbouncer-6cd69d8966-vlxdt               1/1     Running   0          10m
      pgo-deploy-bp2ts                                  0/1     Completed 0          5m
      postgres-operator-67f58bcb8c-9p4tl                4/4     Running   1          5m

Also, you can see the same information when browsing Pods of your cluster in Google Cloud console via the *Object Browser*:

.. image:: ./assets/images/gke-quickstart-object-browser.*
   :align: center

#. You can also deploy PostgreSQL replica at any time as follows:

    .. code:: bash

       $ kubectl apply -f ./deploy/cr-pgreplica.yaml

> 

Reviewer: in 0.2.0 we will configure  PostgreSQL replicas via `deploy/cr.yaml`

      clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin-binding created

#. Use the following ``git clone`` command to download the correct branch of the percona-postgresql-operator repository:

   .. code:: bash

      git clone -b v{{{release}}} https://github.com/percona/percona-postgresql-operator
      cd percona-postgresql-operator

#. The next thing to do is to add the ``pgo`` namespace to Kubernetes,
   not forgetting to set the correspondent context for further steps:

   .. code:: bash

      $ kubectl create namespace pgo
      $ kubectl config set-context $(kubectl config current-context) --namespace=pgo

   .. note:: To use different namespace, you should edit *all occurrences* of
      the ``namespace: pgo`` line in both ``deploy/cr.yaml`` and
      ``deploy/operator.yaml`` configuration files.

#. Deploy the operator with the following command:

   .. code:: bash

      $ kubectl apply -f deploy/operator.yaml

#. After the operator is started Percona distribution for PostgreSQL
   can be created at any time with the following commands:

   .. code:: bash

      $ kubectl apply -f deploy/pguser-secret.yaml
      $ kubectl apply -f deploy/cr.yaml

>    Creation process will take some time. The process is over when both
>    operator and replica set pod have reached their Running status:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Creation process will take some time. The process is over when operator and PostgreSQL pods have reached their Running status:
```

   .. code:: bash

      $ kubectl get pods
      NAME                                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
      backrest-backup-cluster1-4nq2x                    0/1     Completed 0          10m
      cluster1-6c9d4f9678-qdfx2                         1/1     Running   0          10m
      cluster1-backrest-shared-repo-7cb4dd8f8f-sh5gg    1/1     Running   0          10m
      cluster1-pgbouncer-6cd69d8966-vlxdt               1/1     Running   0          10m
      pgo-deploy-bp2ts                                  0/1     Completed 0          5m
      postgres-operator-67f58bcb8c-9p4tl                4/4     Running   1          5m

Also, you can see the same information when browsing Pods of your cluster in Google Cloud console via the *Object Browser*:

.. image:: ./assets/images/gke-quickstart-object-browser.*
   :align: center

> #. You can also deploy PosgreSQL replica at any time as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. You can also deploy PostgreSQL replica at any time as follows:
```
